README.md, before:

# fabric-utils
Fabric network interaction library (SDK wrapper), that contains its
own network setup description format, network configuration utility,
and convenience methods for working with Hyperledger Fabric.

All tools use `fabric.yaml` configuration file to get an overview of
the Fabric network structure.

## Install

## Usage
### fabric.yaml structure
#### Client
To work with already configured channel you will need to provide following data
- admins – list of users
    - key-name – key value that can be used for referring user in this config file
        - name – user name
        - cert – path to user certificate pem file
        - privateKey – path to user private key pem file
        - mspID – id of organization(predefined in fabric network) that user belongs to
- eventhubs – list of event hubs
    - key-name – key value that can be used for referring eventhubs in this config file
        - url – url for access
        - pemFile – file location for x509 pem certificate for SSL
        - properties – list of eventhub SDK properties
- peers – list of peers
    - key-name – key value that can be used for referring peer in this config file
        - url – url for access
        - pemFile – file location for x509 pem certificate for SSL
        - properties – list of peer SDK properties
- orderers – list of orderers
    - key-name – key value that can be used for referring orderer in this config file
        - url – url for access
        - pemFile – file location for x509 pem certificate for SSL
        - properties – list of orderer SDK properties
- channels – list of channels
    - key-name – key value that can be used for referring channel in application
        - admin – user that will be used for working with this channel
        - orderers – list of orderer key-names that serve this channel
        - peers – list of peer key-names that serve this channel
        - eventhubs – list of eventhub key-names that serve this channel
- cas – list of CAs
    - key-name – key value that can be used for referring CA in application
        - url – url for access
        - pemFile – file location for x509 pem certificate for SSL
        - allowAllHostNames – true/false, override certificates CN Host matching
        - adminLogin – login of CA admin user
        - adminSecret – secret of CA admin user
        - mspID – MSP identifier of organisation

### Configurator

These fields are used to configure and update network config via fabric-configurator or NetworkManager's API:
- chaincodes – list of chaincodes
    - key-name – key value that can be used for referring chaincode in this config file
        - id – id of chaincode to be referenced by application
        - sourceLocation – path to chaincode, final path consist of ./{sourceLocationPrefix }/src/{sourceLocation}
        - sourceLocationPrefix – path prefix to chaincode
        - version – version number for this chaincode, should consist of v{number}
        - type – chaincode`s format\language
        - initArguments – list  of arguments to for initialization function as JSON strings
- channels – list of channels
    - key-name – key value that can be used for referring channel in application
        - txFile – transaction file used for channel creation
        - chaincodes – list of chaincode key-names that should be deployed to this channel
- users – list of users to enroll
    - key-name – key value that can be used for referring CA in which enroll users
        - userAffiliation – affiliation for users
        - list – user names

## Bugs
Please use 'issues' on GitHub for spdxl.

## Contribute
Patches and pull requests are welcomed.

## Copyright and License
Copyright (c) 2017 Luxoft

Licensed under the Apache 2.0 license, please see the LICENSE file for terms and conditions.

Commit message:

- support for fabric-1.3 (including collection policy) - specify collectionPolicy in either channels or chaincodes section of fabric.yaml

README.md, after:

# fabric-utils
Fabric network interaction library (SDK wrapper), that contains its
own network setup description format, network configuration utility,
and convenience methods for working with Hyperledger Fabric.

All tools use `fabric.yaml` configuration file to get an overview of
the Fabric network structure.

## Install

## Usage
### fabric.yaml structure
#### Client
To work with already configured channel you will need to provide following data
- admins – list of users
    - key-name – key value that can be used for referring user in this config file
        - name – user name
        - cert – path to user certificate pem file
        - privateKey – path to user private key pem file
        - mspID – id of organization(predefined in fabric network) that user belongs to
- eventhubs – list of event hubs (deprecated, use peer event service)
    - key-name – key value that can be used for referring eventhubs in this config file
        - url – url for access
        - pemFile – file location for x509 pem certificate for SSL
        - properties – list of eventhub SDK properties
- peers – list of peers
    - key-name – key value that can be used for referring peer in this config file
        - url – url for access
        - pemFile – file location for x509 pem certificate for SSL
        - properties – list of peer SDK properties
- orderers – list of orderers
    - key-name – key value that can be used for referring orderer in this config file
        - url – url for access
        - pemFile – file location for x509 pem certificate for SSL
        - properties – list of orderer SDK properties
- channels – list of channels
    - key-name – key value that can be used for referring channel in application
        - admin – user that will be used for working with this channel
        - orderers – list of orderer key-names that serve this channel
        - peers – list of peer key-names that serve this channel
        - eventhubs (deprecated) – list of eventhub key-names that serve this channel

- cas – list of CAs
    - key-name – key value that can be used for referring CA in application
        - url – url for access
        - pemFile – file location for x509 pem certificate for SSL
        - allowAllHostNames – true/false, override certificates CN Host matching
        - adminLogin – login of CA admin user
        - adminSecret – secret of CA admin user
        - mspID – MSP identifier of organisation

### Configurator

These fields are used to configure and update network config via fabric-configurator or NetworkManager's API:
- chaincodes – list of chaincodes
    - key-name – key value that can be used for referring chaincode in this config file
        - id – id of chaincode to be referenced by application
        - sourceLocation – path to chaincode, final path consist of ./{sourceLocationPrefix }/src/{sourceLocation}
        - sourceLocationPrefix – path prefix to chaincode
        - version – version number for this chaincode, should consist of v{number}
        - type – chaincode`s format\language
        - initArguments – list  of arguments to for initialization function as JSON strings
        - collectionPolicy – object to describe collection policy (as specified
         in fabric-1.3 SDK)

- channels – list of channels
    - key-name – key value that can be used for referring channel in application
        - txFile – transaction file used for channel creation
        - chaincodes – list of chaincode key-names that should be deployed to this channel
            Might be in form of
            1) key [String]: reference to the chaincodes section
            2) object, which describes how to deploy this chaincode into that channel
               There are two keys currently recognized:
               - name: <string> reference to the chaincodes section
               - collectionPolicy: object to describe collection policy (as specified
                in fabric-1.3 SDK)
          when `collectionPolicy` specified both in `channels` and in `chaincodes`
          sections, `channels` section takes precedence.
          collectionPolicy itself can be a string, referring to the yaml of json file,
          or an object to describe policy inline.

- users – list of users to enroll
    - key-name – key value that can be used for referring CA in which enroll users
        - userAffiliation – affiliation for users
        - list – user names

## Bugs
Please use 'issues' on GitHub for spdxl.

## Contribute
Patches and pull requests are welcomed.

## Copyright and License
Copyright (c) 2017 Luxoft

Licensed under the Apache 2.0 license, please see the LICENSE file for terms and conditions.
